FONTLOG 
Padauk
=================

This file provides detailed information on the Padauk font software. 
This information should be distributed along with the Padauk fonts 
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information
----------------------
Padauk is a pan Burma font designed to support all Myanmar script based 
languages. It covers all of the Unicode Myanmar script blocks and works 
on all OpenType and Graphite based systems.

Features:
* Special support for: ksw, kht, kyu, shn, aio, phk, csh
* Variation Selector support for kht, aio, phk

Issues:
* Does not work in Word 2007

For detailed documentation see the contents of the 'documentation' folder.

Padauk is released under the SIL Open Font License.

For copyright and licensing information - including any Reserved Font
Names - see OFL.txt.

For practical information about using, modifying and redistributing this
font see OFL-FAQ.txt.


ChangeLog
---------
(This should list both major and minor changes, most recent first.)

6 September 2019. (SIL WSTech team) Version 4.0
- Modified OpenType code to reduce GPOS table size and speed up processing
- Added font packages Namkio (Khamti) and Deemawso (Kayah Li)
- Fixed a few bugs

31 May 2019 (SIL WSTech team) Padauk beta Version 3.950 (test release)
 - Add glyphs to support minority languages 
 - Improved support for rendering minority languages, especially Khamti, 
   Sgaw Karen, Tai Liang, and Asho Chin
 - Added glyphs for typesetting and web font support

10 March 2017. Version 3.003
- Run ttfautohint 1.6 which has support for Myanmar

22 November 2016. Version 3.002
- Run ttx optimisation during the build to reduce file size
- Change font file names to more conventional file naming practice

15th September 2016. Version 3.001
- Change lower ascii characters from being marks to spacing

7th June 2016. Version 3.0
- Add mym2 OpenType support
- Support minority languages in OpenType
- Support 4 faces, book and regular in bold and regular


Acknowledgements
-----------------
(Here is where contributors can be acknowledged. If you make modifications
be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address (W) and description (D).
This list is sorted by last name in alphabetical order.)


N: Jon Coblentz
D: Font engineer

N: Bobby deVos
D: Font engineer

N: Debbi Hosken
D: Glyph design

N: Martin Hosken
D: Chief Engineer

N: Iska Routamaa
D: Glyph design, book & bold interpolations

N: Becca Spalinger
D: Glyph design

N: Keith Stribley
D: OpenType engineering

The Padauk fonts are maintained by SIL International.
